drop down to choose if you want to view flight players in order of problems or alphabetical or ranking
subs could have the same drop down? 
zoom in out button to view full schedule to assist in swapping players in and out to fix issues?
assign captains, schedule, save buttons on the left side of page
modulate the colors of players to neutral if they are happy (or pastel?)
League Title and Sport 
Timeline
Facilities Needed 
League Parameters 
League Schedule 
League Standings go where?
Maximum weeks a player can go without a game...not game...use match instead...use match in other similiar use cases
pop up asking to save before running the schedule button
center align all text in the schedule grid
url # flight page
players should only move up and down in their own flight via up down arrows 
up down arrows useful when allocating players to a flight before scheduling occurs 
when editing a flight would be nice to be able to not only move players up and down but also to have a drop down menu to
order the players based on rank, availability, alphabetical, problems, etc
add a parameter to try to balance out the number of matches at all time slots so we dont have 5 matches at 6:30
and only one match at 8:15. This helps with creating a fun atmosphere at the courts because if there are 20 men hanging out at 6:30
and 4 men hanging out at 8:15 it is not as good. So, an atmosphere/ambiance/vibe/social factor could be a great little addition as well. 
Light and dark mode?
Planned leagues should be Past Leagues on home page
Players box under Facilities box on home page 
Flight editor doesnt need to change availability colors when clicked on
New rule - max percentage of games with same player
Hovering over a player's name in the schedule editor shows their availability and matches in blue etc.
problem players show up in rainbow color and the happy ones are neutral tones.
subs are in neutral tones.
sigma plan verison history so user can try tweaking a pretty good flight without risking fucking it up entirely 
pop up when clicking the schedule button - are you sure you want to remake this schedule?
Mostly Unavailable = Availablity Below Min
New Rule - Low Priority % - Toggle Parameter 
